Support team goals Q4 2025 (#12956)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/support/objectives.mdx

- **We'll know we're successful when:** We feel confident enough in the accuracy of the incident identification to put the alert into #tell-posthog-anything.

### Make it more obvious how to submit tickets during the login workflow
- **Owner:** <TeamMember name="Eleftheria Trivyzaki" photo />
- **Rationale:** Prevent customer frustration and improve support experience by making it more obvious how to submit tickets during the login workflow.
- **What we'll ship:** Implement a more obvious prompt to the user for how to submit a support ticket.
- **We'll know we're successful when:** Fewer tickets with the `email-closed` tag that have been created due to issues encountered during the login workflow.

### Develop a framework that will give us confidence in how Max is being used as a support tool
- **Owner:** <TeamMember name="Luke Belton" photo />

> - **Rationale:** Max is being used as a support tool and we don't really know what the quality of that support is. We want to ensure that users are receiving the best support experience and that Max is monitored with that in mind. If Max gives bad support advice then we will confuse our customers and possibly increase their churn risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rationale:** Max is being used as a support tool and we don't really know what the quality of that support is. We want to ensure that users are receiving the best support experience and that Max is monitored with that in mind. If Max gives bad support advice then we will confuse our customers and worst case leave them looking for solutions from PostHog alternatives.
```
